2019年6月大学英语四级考试真题（第二套）

Part I                 Writing                             (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a news report to your campus newspaper on a visit to a local farm organized by your Student Union. You should write at least 120 words but no more than180 words.

Part Ⅱ                Listening Comprehension              (25 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three questions. Both the news report and then questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A）, B), C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.
1. A）Heavy floods.                     C）Bad economy.
B）Safety concerns.                   D）Workers’ strikes.
2. A）It is competitive with its numerous tourist destinations.
B）It provides many job opportunities for French people.
C）It is the biggest concern of the French government.
D）It plays an important role in the nation’s economy.
Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.
3. A）To carry out a scientific survey.       C）To rescue two sick American workers.
B）To establish a new research station.    D）To deliver urgent medical supplies.
4. A）The darkness and cold.              C）The biting winds.
B）The heavy snow and fog.            D）The ice all around.
Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.
5. A）By tying it to a door handle.          C）With a remote control craft.
B）By shaking it back and forth.         D）With a full-sized helicopter.
6. A）He has lots of fans on Facebook.      C）He often suffers from toothaches.
B）He has rich experience in flying.      D）He has learned to pull teeth from a video.
7. A）Spend more time together.           C）Do something fun and creative.
B）Tell them adventure stories.          D）Play with them in a safe place.

Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B），C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 8 to 11 are based on the news report you have just heard.
8. A) To confirm an urgent appointment.      C) To ask the woman to sign a document.
B) To collect a package from the woman.   D) To arrange the delivery of a package.
9. A）She is doing shopping.                 C）She is not at home.
B）She is visiting a friend.                 D）She is not feeling well.
10. A）He will be off duty the whole day.       C）He will have to have his car repaired.
B）He will be working somewhere else.     D）He will be too busy to spare and time.
11. A）Sign her name.                       C）Pay a small fee.
B）Confirm online.                      D）Show up in person.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the news report you have just heard.
12. A）Vacation in Italy.                     C）Throw a farewell party.
B）Study abroad.                        D）Go to a fashion show in Milan.
13. A）Quite sleepy.                         C）Rather depressed.
B）Very excited.                         D）Nearly exhausted.
14. A）He has to attend a party.                C）He has to make a presentation.
B）He has to meet a friend.                D）He has to finish an assignment.
15. A）Say goodbye to the woman at the airport.  C）Drive the Woman to the airport.
B）Meet the woman at the Black Cat Cafe.    D）Have lunch with the woman.

Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. A) It has kept growing over the centuries.
B) Its top is hidden in clouds of volcanic smoke.
C) Its height changes with each volcanic eruption.
D) It has a recorded history of 1500 years.
17. A) They are now a tourist destination.
B) They attract a lot of migrating birds.
C) They provide shelter for the farmers.
D) They make good fields for farming.
18. A) They nest on the volcano’s slopes.
B) They feed on certain small mammals.
C) They compete with each other for food.
D) They match large mammals in strength.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. A) He is self-employed.                  C) He studies talent.
B) He is a career advisor.                 D) He owns a magazine.
20. A) Doing what they like best.             C) Making no excuses for failures.
B) Loving the work they do.              D) Following their natural instinct.
21. A) It does not come to anything without hard work.
B) It may prove to be quite different from hard work.
C) It is a natural gift only some special people can possess.
D) It does not come to you until something special happens.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) It is a bit difficult to learn.             C) It is a traditional type of ballet.
B) It was popular in New Zealand.         D) It evolved in the mid-1970s.
23. A) She wanted her to be a ballet dancer.     C) She hated to see her idling about.
B) She used to be a ballet dancer herself.    D) She was too busy to look after her.
24. A) After she started teaching English.       C) When she moved to New York city.
B) Before she left for New Zealand.        D) Once she began to live on her own.
25. A) It has renewed her passion for life.       C) It has helped her make new friends.
B) It has made her happy and energetic.     D) It has enabled her to start a new career.

Part III                 Reading Comprehension              (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once．
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.

Just because they can’t sing opera or ride a bicycle doesn’t mean that animals don’t have culture. There’s no better example of this than killer whales. As one of the most __26__ predators（食肉动物），killer whales may not fit the __27__ of a cultured creature. However, these beasts of the sea do display a vast range of highly __28__ behaviors that appear to be driving their genetic development.
The word “culture” comes from the Latin “colere,” which __29__ means “to cultivate.” In other words, it refers to anything that is __30__ or learnt, rather than instinctive or natural. Among human populations, culture not only affects the way we live, but also writes itself into our genes, affecting who we are. For instance, having spent many generations hunting the fat marine mammals of the Arctic, the Eskimos of Greenland have developed certain genetic __31__ that help them digest and utilize this fat-rich diet, thereby allowing them to __32__ in their cold climate.
Like humans, killer whales have colonized a range of different __33__ across the globe, occupying every ocean basin on the planet, with an empire that __34__ from pole to pole. As such, different populations of killer whales have had to learn different hunting techniques in order to gain the upper hand over their local prey（猎物）. This, in turn, has a major effect on their diet, leading scientists to __35__ that the ability to learn population-specific hunting methods could be driving the animals’ genetic development.


Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.

Living with parents edges out other living arrangements for 18-to 34-year-olds
Broad demographic (人口的)shifts is marital status, educational attainment and employment have transformed the way young adults in the U.S. are living, and a new Pew Research Center analysis highlights the implications of these changes for the most basic element of their lives—where they call home. In 2014, for the first time in more than 130 years, adults ages 18 to 34 were slightly more likely to be living in their parents’ home than they were to be living with a spouse or partner in their own household.
This turn of events is fueled primarily by the dramatic drop in the share of young Americans who are choosing to settle down romantically before age 35. Dating back to 1880, the most common living arrangement among young adults has been living with a romantic partner, whether a spouse or a significant other. This type of arrangement peaked around 1960, when 62% of the nation’s 18-to 34-year-olds were living with a spouse or partner in their own household, and only one-in-five were living with their parents.
By 2014, 31.6% of young adults were living with a spouse or partner in their own household, below the share living in the home of their parent(s) (32.1%). Some 14% of young adults lived alone, were a single parent or lived with one or more roommates. The remaining 22% lived in the home of another family member (such as a grandparent, in-law or sibling (兄弟姐妹)), a non-relative, or in group quarters like college dormitories.
It’s worth noting that the overall share of young adults living with their parents was not at a record high in 2014. This arrangement peaked around 1940, when about 35% of the nation’s 18-to 34-year-olds lived with mom and/or dad (compared with 32% in 2014). What has changed, instead, is the relative share adopting different ways of living in early adulthood, with the decline of romantic coupling pushing living at home to the top of a much less uniform list of living arrangements.
Among young adults, living arrangements differ significantly by gender. For men ages 18 to 34, living at home with mom and/or dad has been the dominant living arrangement since 2009, In 2014,28% of young men were living with a spouse of partner in their own home, while 35% were living in the home of their parent(s). Young women, however, are still more likely to be living with a spouse of romantic partner(35%) than they are to be living with their parent(s)(29%).
In 2014, more young women (16%) than young men (13%) were heading up a household without a spouse or parther. This is mainly because women are more likely than men to be sigle parents living with their children. For their part, young men (25%) are more likely than young women (19%) to be living in the home of another family member, a non-relative or in some type of group quarters.
A variety of factors contribute to the long-run increase in the share of young. Adults living with the parents. The first in the postponement of, if not retreat from, marriage. The average age of first marriage has risen steadily for decades. In addition, a growing share of young adult may be avoiding marriage altogether. A previous Pew Research Center analysis projected that as many as one-in-four of today’s young adult may never marry. While cohabitation（同居）has been on the rise, the overall share of young adults either married or living with an unmarried patner has substantially fallen since 1990.
In addition, trends in both employment status and wages have likely contributed to the growing share of young adults who are living in the home of their parent(s), and this is especially true of young men. Employed young men are much less likely to live at home than young men without a job, and employment among young men has fallen significantly in recent decades. The share of young men with jobs peaked around 1960 at 84%. In 2014, only 71% of 18-to-34-year-old men were employed. Similarly with earnings, young men’s wages (after adjusting for inflation) have been on a downward trajectory (轨迹) since 1970 and fell significantly form 2000 to 2010. As wages have fallen ,the share of young men living in the home of their parent(s) has risen.
Economic factors seem to explain less of why young adult women are increasingly likely to live at home. Generally, young women have had growing success in the paid labor market since 1960 and hence might increasingly be expected to be a be to afford to afford to live independently of their parents. For women, delayed marriage—which is related, in part, to labor market outcomes for men—may explain more of the increase in their living in the family home.
The Great Recession (and modest recovery) has also been associated with an increase in young adults living at home. Initially in the wake of the recession, college enrollments expanded, boosting the ranks of young adults living at home. And given the weak job opportunities facing young adults, living at home was part of the private safety net help young adults to weather the economic storm.
Beyond gender, young adult’s living arrangements differ considerable by education—which is tied to financial means. For young adults without a bachelor’s degree, as of 2008 living at home with their parents was more prevalent than living with a romantic partner. By 2014, 36% of 18-to 34-year-olds who had not completed a bachelor’s degree were living with their parent(s) while 27% were living with a spouse or partner. Among college graduates, in 2014 46% were married or living with a partner, and only 19% were living with their parent(s). Young adults with a college degree have fared much better in the labor market than their less-educated counterparts, which has in turn made it easier to establish their own households.

36.Unemployed young men are more likely to live with their parents than the employed.
37.In 2014, the percentage of men aged 18 to 34 living with their parents was greater than that of their female counterparts.
38.The percentage of young people who are married or live with a partner has greatly decreased in the past three decades or so.
39.Around the mid-20th century, only 20 percent of 18- to 34-year-old lived in their parents’ home.
40.Young adults with a college degree found it easier to live independently of their parents.
41.Young men are less likely to end up as single parents than young women.
42.More young adult women live with their parents than before due to delayed marriage.
43.The percentage of young men who live with their parents has grown due to their decreased pay in recent decades.
44.The rise in the number of college students made more young adults live with their parents.
45.One reason for young adults to live with their parents is that get married late or stay single all their lives.

Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
According to the majority of Americans, women are every bit as capable of being good political leaders as men. The same can be said of their ability to dominate the corporate boardroom. And according to a new Pew Research Center survey on women and leadership, most Americans find women indistinguishable from men on key leadership traits such as intelligence and capacity for innovation, with many saying they’re stronger than men in terms of being passionate and organized leaders.
So why, then, are women in short supply at the top of government and business in the United States? According to the public, at least, it’s not that they lack toughness, management talent or proper skill sets.
It’s also not all about work-life balance. Although economic research and previous survey findings have shown that career interruptions related to motherhood may make it harder for women to advance in their careers and compete for top executive jobs, relatively few adults in the recent survey point to this as a key barrier for women seeking leadership roles. Only about one-in-five say women’s family responsibilities are a major reason why there aren’t more females in top leadership positions in business and politics.
Instead, topping the list of reasons, about four-in-ten Americans point to a double standard for women seeking to climb to the highest levels of either politics or business, where they have to do more than their male counterparts to prove themselves. Similar shares say the electorate(选民)and corporate America are just not ready to put more women in top leadership positions.
As a result, the public is divided about whether the imbalance in corporate America will change in the foreseeable future, even though women have made major advances in the workplace. While 53% believe men will continue to hold more top executive positions in business in the future, 44% say it’s only a matter of time before as many women are in top executive positions as men. Americans are less doubtful when it comes to politics: 73% expect to see a female president in their lifetime.

46.What do most Americans think of women leaders according to a new Pew Research Center survey?
A) They have to do more to distinguish themselves.
B) They have to strive harder to win their positions.
C) They are stronger than men in terms of willpower.
D) They are just as intelligent and innovative as men.
47.What do we learn from previous survey findings about women seeking leadership roles?
A) They have unconquerable difficulties on their way to success.
B) They are lacking in confidence when competing with men.
C) Their failures may have something to do with family duties.
D) Relatively few are hindered in their career advancement.
48.What is the primary factor keeping women from taking top leadership positions according to the recent survey?
A) Personality traits.
B) Family responsibilities.
C) Gender bias.
D) Lack of vacancies.
49.What does the passage say about corporate America in the near future?
A) More and more women will sit in the boardroom.
B) Gender imbalance in leadership is likely to change.
C) The public is undecided about whether women will make good leaders.
D) People have opposing opinions as to whether it will have more women leaders.
50.What do most Americans expect to see soon on America’s political stage?
A) A woman in the highest position of government.
B) More and more women actively engaged in politics.
C) A majority of women voting for a female president.
D) As many women in top government positions as men.

Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
People have grown taller over the last century, with South Korean women shooting up by more than 20cm on average, and Iranian men gaining. 16.5cm. A global study looked at the average height of 18-year-olds in 200 countries 1914 and 2014.
The results reveal that while Swedes were the tallest people in the world in 1914, Dutch men have risen from 12th place to claim top spot with an average height of 182.5cm. Larvian women. Meanwhile, rose from 28th place in 1914 to become the tallest in the world a century later, with an average height of 169.8cm.
James Bentham, a co-author of the research from Imperial College, London, says the global trend is likely to be due primarily to improvements in nutrition and healthcare. “An individual’s genetics has a big influence on their height, but once you average over whole populations, genetics plays a less key role,” he added.
A little extra height brings a number of advantages, says Elio Riboli of Imperial College. “Being taller is associated with longer life expectancy,” he said. “This is largely due to a lower risk of dying of cardiovascular（心血管的）disease among taller people.”
But while height has increased around the world, the trend in many countries of north and sub-Saharan Africa causes concern, says Riboli. While height increased in Uganda and Niger during the early 20th century, the trend has reversed in recent years, with height decreasing among 18-year-olds.
“One reason for these decreases in height is the economic situation in the 1980s,” said Alexander Moradi of the Universith of Sussex. The nutritional and health crises that followed the policy of structural adjustment, he says, led to many children and teenagers failing to reach their full potential in terms of height.
Bentham believe the global rtend of increasing height has important implications. “How tall we are now is strongly influenced by the environment we grew up in,” he said. “If we give children the best possible start in life now, they will be healthier and more productive for decades to come.”

51. What does the global study tell us about people’s height in the last hundred years?
A）There is a remarkable difference across continents.
B）There has been a marked increase in most countries.
C）The increase in people’s height has been quickening.
D）The increase in women’s height is bigger than in men’s.
52. What does James Bentham say about genetics in the increase of people’s height?
A）It counts less than generally thought.
B）It outweighs nutrition and healthcare.
C）It impacts more on an individual than on population.
D）It plays a more significant role in females than in males.
53. What does Elio Riboli say about taller people?
A）They tend to live longer.
B）They enjoy an easier life.
C）They generally risk fewer fatal diseases.
D）They have greater expectations in life.
54. What do we learn about 18-year-olds in Uganda and Niger?
A) They grow up slower than their peers in other countries.
B) They are actually shorter than their earlier generations.
C) They find it hard to bring their potential into full play.
D) They have experienced many changes of government
55. What does James Bentham suggest we do?
A) Watch closely the global trend in children’s development.
B) Make sure that our children grow up to their full height.
C) Try every means possible to improve our environment.
D) Ensure our children grow up in an ideal environment.

Part Ⅳ                   Translation                       (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.

舞狮作为中国传统民间表演已有2 000多年历史。在狮子舞中，两位表演者同披一件狮子服，一个舞动头部，另一个舞动身体和尾巴。他们熟练配合，模仿狮子的各种动作。狮子也是兽中之王，象征幸福和好运，所以人们通常在春节和其他节日期间表演狮子舞。狮子舞也可能出现在其他重要场合，如商店开业和结婚典礼，往往吸引许多人观赏。




2019年6月大学英语四级考试真题（第三套）

Part I                   Writing                            (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a news report to your campus newspaper on a visit to a Hope elementary school organized by your Student Union. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.

Part Ⅱ                   Listening Comprehension            (25 minutes)
说明：由于2019年6月四级考试全国共考了2套听力，本套真题听力与前2套内容完全一样，只是顺序不一样，因此在本套真题中不再重复出现。

Part III                  Reading Comprehension             (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once．
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.

Ships are often sunk in order to create underwater reefs (暗礁)perfect for scuba diving (水肺式潜泳)and preserving marine  26   Turkish authorities have just sunk something a little different than a ship, and it wouldn’t normally ever touch water, an Airbus A300. The hollowed-out A300 was   27   of everything potentially harmful to the environment and sunk off the Aegean coast today. Not only will the sunken plane   28   the perfect skeleton for artificial reef growth, tut authorities hope this new underwater attraction will bring tourists to the area.
The plane    29   a total length of 54 meters, where experienced scuba divers will    30   be able to venture through the cabin and around the plane’s    31   . Aydin Municipality bought the plane from a private company for just under US$100,000, but they hope to see a return on that    32   through the tourism industry. Tourism throughout Turkey is expected to fall this year as the country has been the    33   of several deadly terrorist attacks. As far as sunken planes go, this Airbus A300 is the largest    34   sunk aircraft ever.
Taking a trip underwater and    35   the inside of a sunken A300 would be quite an adventure, and that is exactly what Turkish authorities are hoping this attraction will make people think. Drawing in adventure seekers and experienced divers, this new artificial Airbus reef will be a scuba diver’s paradise (天堂).


Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.

Make Stuff, Fail, And Learn While You’re At It
A. We’ve always been a hands-on, do-it-yourself kind of nation. Ben Franklin, one of America’s founding fathers, didn’t just invent the lightning rod. His creations include glasses, innovative stoves and more.
B. Franklin, who was largely self-taught, may have been a genius, but he wasn’t really an exception when it comes to American making and creativity.
C. The personal computing revolution and philosophy of disruptive innovation of Silicon Valley grew, in part, out of the creations of the Homebrew Computer Club, Which was founded in a garage in Menlo Park, California, in the mid-1970s. Members — including guys named Jobs and Wozniak — started making and inventing things they couldn’t buy.
D. So it’s no surprise that the Maker Movement today is thriving in communities and some schools across America. Making is available to ordinary people who aren’t tied to big companies, big defense labs or research universities. The maker philosophy echoes old ideas advocated by John Dewey, Montessori, and even ancient Greek philosophers, as we pointed out recently.
E. These maker spaces are often outside of classrooms, and are serving an important educational function. The Maker Movement is rediscovering learning by doing, which is Dewey’s phrase from 100 years ago. We are rediscovering Dewey and Montessori and a lot of the practices that they pioneered that have been forgotten or at least put aside. A maker space is a place which can be in a school, but it doesn’t look like a classroom. It can be in a library. It can be out in the community. It has tools and materials. It’s a place where you get to make things based on your interest and on what you’re learning to do.
F. Ideas about learning by doing have struggled to become mainstream educationally, despite being old concepts from Dewey and Montessori, Plato and Aristotle, and in the American Contcxt, Ralph Emerson, on the value of experience and self-reliance. It’s not necessarily an efficient way to learn. We learn, in a sense, by trial and error. Learning from experience is something that takes time and patience. It’s very individualized. If your goal is to have standardized approaches to learning, where everybody learns the same thing at the same time in the same way, then learning by doing doesn’t really fit that mold anymore. It’s not the world of textbooks. It’s not the world of testing.
G. Learning by doing may not be efficient, but it is effective. Project-based learning has grown in popularity with teachers and administrators. However, project-based learning is not making. Although there is a connection, there is also a distinction. The difference lies in whether the project is in a sense defined and developed by the student or whether it’s assigned by a teacher. We’ll all get the kids to build a small boat. We are all going to learn about X, Y, and Z. That tends to be one form of project-based learning.
H. I really believe the core idea of making is to have an idea within your head — or you just borrow it from someone — and begin to develop it , repeat it and improve it. Then, realize that idea somehow. That thing that you make is valuable to you and you can share it with others. I’m interested in how these things are expressions of that person, their ideas, and their interactions with the world.
I. In some ways, a lot of forms of making in school trivialize（使变得无足轻重）making. The thing that you make has no value to you. Once you are done demonstrating whatever concept was in the textbook, you throw away the pipe cleaners, the cardboard tubes.
J. Making should be student-directed and student-led, otherwise it’s boring. It doesn’t have the motivation of the student. I’m not saying that students should not learn concepts or not learn skills. They do. But to really harness their motivation is to build upon their interest. It’s to let them be in control and to drive the car.
K. Teachers should aim to build a supportive, creative environment for students to do this work. A very social environment, where they are learning from each other. When they have a problem, it isn’t the teacher necessarily coming in to solve it. They are responsible for working through that problem. It might be they have to talk to other students in the class to help get an answer.
L. The teacher’s role is more of a coach or observer. Sometimes, to people, it sounds like this is a diminished rote for teachers. I think it’s a heightened role. You’re ereating this environment, like a maker space. You have 20 kids doing different things. You are watching them and really it’s the human behaviors you’re looking at . Are they engaged? A they developing and repeating their project? Are they stumbling (受挫)？ Do they need something that they don’t have? Can you help them be aware of where they are?
M. My belief is that the goal of making is not to get every kid to be hands-on, but it enable us to be good learners. It’s not the knowledge that is valuable, It’s the practice of learning new things and understanding how things work. These are processes that you are developing so  that you are able, over time, to tackle more interesting problems, more challenging problems—problems that require many people instead of one person, and many skills instead of one.
N. If teachers keep it form-free and student-led, it can still be tied to a curriculum and an educational plan. I think a maker space is more like a like a library in that there are multiple subjects and multiple things that you can learn. What seems to be missing in school is how these subjects integrate, how they fit together in any meaningful way. Rather than saying, ‘This is science, over here is history,’ I see schools taking this idea of projects and looking at: How do they support children in higher level learning?
O. I feel like this is a shift away form a subject matter-based curriculum to a more experiential curriculum or learning. It’s still in its early stages, but I think it’s shifting around not what kids learn but how they learn.

36.A maker space is where people make things according to their personal interests.
37.The teachers’ role is enhanced in a maker space as they have to monitor and facilitate during the process.
38.Coming up with an idea of one’s own or improving one from others is key to the concept of making.
39.Contrary to structured learning, learning by doing is highly individualized.
40.America is a nation known for the idea of making things by oneself.
41.Making will be boring unless students are able to take charge.
42.Making can be related to a project, but it is created and carried out by students themselves.
43.The author suggests incorporating the idea of a maker space into a school curriculum.
44.The maker concept is a modern version of some ancient philosophical ideas.
45.Making is not taken seriously in school when students are asked to make something meaningless to them based on textbooks.

Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Most kids grow up learning they cannot draw on the walls. But it might be time to unlearn that training—this summer, group of culture addicts, artists and community organizers are inviting New Yorkers to write all over the walls of an old house on Governor’s Island.
The project is called Writing On It All, and it’s a participatory writing project and artistic experiment that has happened on Governor’s Island every summer since 2013.
“Most of the participants are people who are just walking by or are on the island for other reasons, or they just kind of happen to be there,” Alexandra Chasin, artistic director of Writing On It All, tells Smithsonian.com.
The 2016 season runs through June 26 and features sessions facilitated by everyone from dancers to domestic workers. Each session has a theme, and participants are given a variety of materials and prompts and asked to cover surfaces with their thoughts and art. This year, the programs range from one that turns the house into a collaborative essay to one that explores the meaning of exile.
Governor’s Island is a national historic landmark district long used for military purposes. Now known as “New York’s shared space for art and play,” the island, which lies between Manhattan and Brooklyn in Upper New York Bay, is closed to cars but open to summer tourists who flck for festivals, picnics, adventures, as well as these “legal graffiti(涂鸦)” Sessions.
The notes and art scribbled(涂画) on the walls are an experiment in self-expression. So far, participants have ranged in age from 2 to 85. Though Chasin says the focus of the work is on the activity of writing, rather than the text that ends up getting written, some of the work that comes out of the sessions has stuck with her.
“One of the sessions that moved me the most was state violence on black women and black girls,” says Chasin, explaining that in one room, people wrote down the names of those killed because of it. “People do beautiful work and leave beautiful messages.”

46.What does the project Writing On It All invite people to do?
A) Unlearn their training in drawing.
B) Participate in a state graffiti show.
C) Cover the walls of an old house with graffiti.
D) Exhibit their artistic creations in an old house.
47.What do we learn about the participants in the project?
A) They are just culture addicts.
B) They are graffiti enthusiasts.
C) They are writers and artists.
D) They are mostly passers-by.
48.What did the project participants do during the 2016 season?
A) They were free to scribble on the walls whatever came to their mind.
B) They expressed their thoughts in graffiti on the theme of each session.
C) They learned the techniques of collaborative writing.
D) They were required to cooperate with other creators.
49.What kind of place is Governor’s Island?
A) It is a historic site that attracts tourists and artists.
B) It is an area now accessible only to tourist vehicles.
C) It is a place in Upper New York Bay formerly used for exiles.
D) It is an open area for tourists to enjoy themselves year round.
50.What does Chasin say about the project?
A) It just focused on the sufferings of black females.
B) It helped expand the influence of graffiti art.
C) It has started the career of many creative artists.
D) It has created some meaningful artistic works.

Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Online programs to fight depression are already commercially available. While they sound efficient and cost-saving, a recent study reports that they are not effective, primarily because depressed patients are not likely to engage with them or stick with them.
The study looked at computer-assisted cognitive(认知的) behavioral therapy(CBT) and found that it was no more effective in treating depression than the usual care patients receive from a primary care doctor.
Traditional CBT is considered an effective form of talk therapy for depression, helping people challenge negative thoughts and change the way they think in order to change their mood and behaviors. However, online CBT programs have been gaining popularity, with the attraction of providing low-cost help wherever someone has access to a computer.
A team of researchers from the University of Y ork conducted a randomized(随机的) control trial with 691 depressed patients from 83 physician practices across England. The patients were split into three groups: one group received only usual care from a physician while the other two groups received usual care from a physician plus one of two computerized CBT programs. Participants were balanced across the three groups for age, sex, educational background, severity and duration of depression, and use of antidepressants(抗抑郁药).
After four months, the patients using the computerized CBT programs had no improvement in depression levels over the patients who were only getting usual care from their doctors.
“It’s an important, cautionary note that we shouldn’t get too carried away with the idea that a computer system can replace doctors and therapists,” says Christopher Dowrick, a professor of primary medical care at the University of Liverpool. “We do still need the human touch or the human interaction, particularly when people are depressed.”
Being depressed can mean feeling “lost in your own small, negative, dark world,” Dowrick says. Having a person, instead of a computer, reach out to you is particularly important in combating that sense of isolation. “When you’re emotionally vulnerable, you’re even more in need of a caring human being ,” he says.

51.What does the recent study say about online CBT programs?
A) Patients may not be able to carry them through for effective cure.
B) Patients cannot engage with them without the use of a computer.
C)They can save patients trouble visiting physicians.
D)They have been well received by a lot of patients.
52.What has made online CBT programs increasingly popular?
A) Their effectiveness in combating depression.
B) The low efficiency of traditional talk therapy.
C)Their easy and inexpensive access by patients.
D)The recommendation by primary care doctors.
53. What is the major finding by researchers at the University of York?
A) Online CBT programs are no more effective than regular care from physicians.
B) The process of treating depression is often more complicated than anticipated.
C) The combination of traditional CBT and computerized CBT is most effective.
C) Depression is a mental condition which is to be treated with extreme caution.
54. What is Professor Dowrick’s advice concerning online CBT programs?
A) They should not be neglected in primary care.
B) Their effectiveness should not be overestimated.
C) They should be used by strictly following instructions.
D) Their use should be encouraged by doctors and therapists.
55. What is more important to an emotionally vulnerable person?
A) A positive state of mind.
B) Appropriate medication.
C) Timely encouragement.
D) Human interaction.

Part Ⅳ                   Translation                       (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.

剪纸是中国民间艺术的一种独特形式，已有2000多年历史。剪纸很可能源于汉代，继纸张发明之后。从此，它在中国的许多地方得到了普及。剪纸用的材料和工具很简单：纸和剪刀。剪纸作品通常是用红纸做成的，因为红色在中国传统文化中与幸福相联。因此，在婚礼、春节等喜庆场合，红颜色的剪纸是门窗装饰的首选。
