机密*启用前
大 学 英 语 四 级 考 试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Four—
(2016年12月第3套)
试 题 册

敬 告 考 生

一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容:
1. 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映，确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2. 请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3. 请在答题卡1和答题卡2指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容:
1. 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一律无效。
2. 请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立即收回答题卡1，得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3. 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区域内作答。
4. 选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理:
1. 未正确填写(涂)个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2. 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3. 未用所规定的笔作答、折叠成毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4. 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。


全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会
Part I                       Writing                      (30 minutes)

Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay. Suppose you have two options upon graduation: one is to work in a state-owned business and the other in a joint venture. You are to make a choice between the two. Write an essay to explain the reasons for your choice.You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180words.

Part II                Listening Comprehension            (25 minutes）

特别说明：由于 2016年 12月四级考试全国共考了 2 套听力，本套听力试题同第1套或第2套试题一致，因此在本套真题中不再重复出现。

Part Ⅲ               Reading Comprehension            (40 minutes）

Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices.Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.

Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.

Many men and women have long bought into the idea that there are "male" and "female" brains,believing that explains just about every difference between the sexes. A new study   26   that belief,questioning whether brains really can be distinguished by gender.
In the study, Tel Aviv University researchers  27  for sex differences throughout the entire human brain.
And what did they find? Not much. Rather than offer evidence for28brains as "male" or"female," research shows that brains fall into a wide range, with most people falling right in the middle.
Daphna Joel, who led the study, said her research found that while there are some gender-based  29 , many different types of brain can't always be distinguished by gender.
While the "average" male and "average" female brains were30different, you couldn't tell it by looking at individual brain scans. Only a small31of people had "all-male" or "all-female"characteristics.
Larry Cahill, an American neuroscientist ( 神经科学家), said the study is an important addition to a growing body of research questioning32beliefs about gender and brain function. But he cautioned against concluding from this study that all brains are the same,33of gender.
"There's a mountain of evidence34the importance of sex influences at all levels of brain function," he told The Seattle Times.
If anything, he said, the study35that gender plays a very important role in the brain--" even when we are not clear exactly how. "


A.abnormal
B.applied
C.briefly
D.categorizing
E.challenges
F.figure
G.percentage
H.proving
I.regardless
J.searched
K.similarities
L.slightly
M.suggests
N. tastes
O.traditional


Section B
Directions: In this section,you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs.Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.You may choose a paragraph more than once.Each paragraph is marked with a letter.Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.

When Work Becomes a Game

A) What motivates employees to do their jobs well? Competition with coworkers, for some. The promise of rewards, for others. Pure enjoyment of problem-solving, for a lucky few.

B) Increasingly, companies are tapping into these desires directly through what has come to be known as "gamification" : essentially, turning work into a game. "Gamification is about understanding what it is that makes games engaging and what game designers do to create a great experience in games, and taking those learnings and applying them to other contexts such as the workplace and education," explains Kevin Werbach, a gamification expert who teaches at the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania in the United States.

C) It might mean monitoring employee productivity on a digital leader board and offering prizes to the winner, or giving employees digital badges or stars for completing certain activities. It could also mean training employees how to do their jobs through video game platforms. Companies from Google to L'Oréalto IBM to Wells Fargo are known to use some degree of gamification in their workplaces. And more and more companies are joining them. A recent report suggests that the global gamification market will grow from $1.65 billion in 2015 to $11.1 billion by 2020.

D) The concept of gamification is not entirely new, Werbach says. Companies, marketers and teachers have long looked for fun ways to engage people's reward-seeking or competitive spirits. Cracker Jacks has been "gamifying" its snack food by putting a small prize inside for more than 100 years, headds, and the turn-of-the-century steel magnate (巨头) Charles Schwab is said to have often come into his factory and written the number of tons of steel produced on the past shift on the factory floor, thus motivating the next shift of workers to beat the previous one.

E) But the word "gamification" and the widespread, conscious application of the concept only began in earnest about five years ago, Werbach says. Thanks in part to video games, the generation now entering the workforce is especially open to the idea of having their work gamified. "We are at a point where in much of the developed world the vast majority of young people grew up playing video games, and an increasingly high percentage of adults play these video games too," Werbach says.

F) A number of companies have sprung up--GamEffective, Bunchbail and Badgeville, to name a few--in recent years offering gamification platforms for businesses. The platforms that are most effective turn employees' ordinary job tasks into part of a rich adventure narrative. "What makes a gamegame-like is that the player actually cares about the outcome," Werbach says. "The principle is about understanding what is motivating to this group of players, which requires some understanding of psychology. "

G) Some people, Werbach says, are motivated by competition.Sales people often fall into this category. For them, the right kind of gamification might be turning their saies pitches into a competition with other team members, complete with a digital leader board showing who is winning at all times. Others are more motivated by collaboration and social experiences. One company Werbach has studied uses gamification to create a sense of community and boost employees' morale(士气). When employees log in to their computers, they're shown a picture of one of their coworkers and asked to guess that person's name.

H) Gamification does not have to be digital. Monica Cornetti runs a company that gamifies employee trainings. Sometimes this involves technology, but often it does not. She recently designed a gamification strategy for a saies training company with a storm-chasing theme. Employees formed"storm chaser teams" and competed in storm-themed educational exercises to earn various rewards. "Rewards do not have to be stuff," Cornetti says. "Rewards can be flexible working hours. " Another training, this one for pay roll law, used a Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs theme. "Snow White" is available for everyone to use, but the "dwarfs" are still under copyright,so Cornetti invented sound-alike characters (Grumpy Gus, Dopey Dan) to illustrate specific pay roll law principles.
I) Some people do not take naturally to gamified work environments, Cornetti says.In her experience, people in positions of power or people in finance or engineering do not tend to like the sound of the word. "If we are designing for engineers, I'm not talking about a ' game' at all,"Cornetti says. "I'm talking about a ' simulation' (模拟), I'm talking about ' being able to solve this problem. '"

J) Gamification is " not a magic bullet," Werbach warns.A gamification strategy that is not sufficiently thought through or well tailored to its players may engage people for a little while, but it will not motivate people in the long term. It can also be exploitative, especially when used with vulnerable populations. For workers, especially low-paid workers, who desperately need their jobs yet know they can be easily replaced, gamification may feel more like the Hunger Games. Werbach gives the example of several Disneyland hotels in Anaheim, Caiifornia, which used large digital leader boards to display how efficiently laundry workers were working compared to one another.Some employees found the board motivating. To others, it was the opposite of fun. Some began to stop taking bathroom breaks, worried that if their productivity fell they would be fired. Pregnant employees struggled to keep up. In a Los Angeles Times article, one employee referred to the board as a "digital whip. ""It actually had a very negative effect on morale and performance," Werbach says.

K) Still, gamification only stands to become more popular, he says, "as more and more people come into the workforce who are familiar with the structures and expressions of digital games. ""We are far from reaching the peak," Cornetti agrees. "There is no reason this will go away. "

36. Some famous companies are already using gamification and more are trying to do the same.

37. Gamification is not a miracle cure for all workplaces as it may have negative results.

38. To enhance morale, one company asks its employees to identify their fellow workers when starting their computers.

39. The idea of gamification was practiced by some businesses more than a century ago.

40. There is reason to believe that gamification will be here to stay.

41. Video games contributed in some ways to the wide application of gamification.

42. When turning work into a game, it is necessary to understand what makes games interesting.

43. Gamification in employee training does not always need technology.

44. The most successful gamification platforms transform daily work assignments into fun experiences.

45. It is necessary to use terms other than "gamification" for some profession.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section.Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements.For each of them there are four choices marked A,B,C and D.You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based oil the following passage.

Recently I attended several meetings where we talked about ways to retain students and keep younger faculty members from going elsewhere.
It seems higher education has become an industry of meeting-holders whose task it is to "solve"problems--real or imagined. And in my position as a professor at three different colleges, the actual problems in educating our young people and older students have deepened, while the number of people hired--not to teach but to hold meetings--has increased significantly. Every new problem creates anew job for an administrative fixer. Take our Center for Teaching Excellence. Contrary to its title, the center is a clearing house (信息交流中心) for using technology in classrooms and in online courses.It's an administrative sham (欺诈) of the kind that has multiplied over the last 30 years.
I offer a simple proposition in response: Many of our problems--class attendance, educational success, student happiness and well-being--might be improved by cutting down the bureaucratic ( 官僚的) mechanisms and meetings and instead hiring an army of good teachers. If we replaced half of our administrative staff with classroom teachers, we might actually get a majority of our classes back to 20or fewer students per teacher. This would be an environment in which teachers and students actually knew each other.
The teachers must be free to teach in their own way--the curriculum should be flexible enough so that they can use their individual talents to achieve the goals of the course. Additionally, they should be allowed to teach, and be rewarded for doing it well. Teachers are not people who are great at and consumed by research and happen to appear in a classroom. Good teaching and research are not exclusive, but they are also not automatic companions. Teaching is an art and a craft, talent and practice; it is not something that just anyone can be good at. It is utterly confusing to me that people do not recognize this, despite the fact that pretty much anyone who has been a student can tell the difference between their best and worst teachers.

46. What does the author say about present-day universities?
A. They are effectively tackling real or imagined problems.
B. They often fail to combine teaching with research.
C. They are over-burdened with admires" trative staff.
D. They lack talent to fix their deepening problems.

47. According to the author, what kind of people do universities lack most?
A. Good classroom teachers.
B. Efficient administrators.
C. Talented researchers.
D. Motivated students.

48. What does the author imply about the classes at present?
A. They facilitate students' independent learning.
B. They help students form closer relationships.
C. They have more older students than before.
D. They are much bigger than is desirable.

49. What does the author think of teaching ability?
A. It requires talent and practice.
B. It is closely related to research.
C. It is a chief factor affecting students' learning.
D. It can be acquired through persistent practice.

50. What is the author's suggestion for improving university teaching?
A. Creating an environment for teachers to share their teaching experiences.
B. Hiring more classroom teachers and allowing them to teach in their own way.
C. Using high technology in classrooms and promoting exchange of information.
D. Cutting down meetings and encouraging administrative staff to go to classrooms.

Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.

The secret to eating less and being happy about it may have been cracked years ago--by McDonald's. According to a new study from Cornell University's Food and Brand Lab, small non-food rewards--like the toys in McDonald's Happy Meals--stimulate the same reward centers in the brain as food does.
The researchers, led by Martin Reimann, carried out a series of experiments to see if people would choose a smaller meal ff it was paired with a non-food item.
They found that the majority of both kids and adults opted for a haft-sized portion when combined with a prize. Both options were priced the same.
Even more interesting is that the promise of a future reward was enough to make adults choose the smaller portion. One of the prizes used was a lottery ticket ( 彩票), with a $10, $ 50 or $100 payout,and this was as effective as a tangible gift in persuading people to eat less.
"The fact that participants were willing to substitute part of a food item for the mere prospect of a
relatively small monetary award is interesting," says Reimann.
He theorizes that it is the emotional component of these intangible prizes that make them effective.In fact, vaguely-stated possibilities of winning a prize were more effective than options with hard odds included.
"One explanation for this finding is that possible awards may be more emotionally provoking than certainty Reimann." The of added attraction and awards,"says uncertainty winning provides desirability through emotional ' thrills. ' The possibility of receiving an award also produces a state of hope--a state that is in itself psychologically rewarding. " In other words, there's a reason why people like to gamble.
How might this knowledge be used to help people eat more healthily?
One possibility is a healthy option that offers the chance to win a spa (温泉疗养) weekend. Or maybe the reward of a half-sized portion could be a half-sized dessert to be claimed only on a future date. That would get you back in the restaurant--and make you eat a little less.

51. What do we learn about McDonald's inclusion of toys in its Happy Meals?
A. It may shed light on people's desire to crack a secret.
B. It has proved to be key to McDonald's business success.
C. It appeals to kid's curiosity to fred out what is hidden inside.
D. It may be a pleasant way for kids to reduce their food intake.

52. What is the finding of the researchers led by Martin Reimann?
A. Reducing food intake is not that difficult if people go to McDonald's more.
B. Most kids and adults don't actually feel hungry when they eat half of their meal.
C. Eating a smaller portion of food does good to the health of kids and adults alike.
D. Most kids and adults would choose a smaller meal that came with a non-food item.

53. What is most interesting in Martin Reimann's finding?
A. Kids preferred an award in the form of money to one in the form of a toy.
B. Adults chose the smaller portion on the mere promise of a future award.
C. Both kids and adults felt satisfied with only half of their meal portions.
D. Neither children nor adults could resist the temptation of a free toy.

54. How does Martin Reimann interpret his finding?
A. The emotional component of the prizes is at work.
B. People now care more about quality than quantity.
C. People prefer certainty awards to possible awards.
D. The desire for a future reward is overwhelming.

55. What can we infer from Martin Reimann's finding?
A. People should eat much less if they wish to stay healthy and happy.
B. More fast food restaurants are likely to follow McDonald's example.
C. We can lead people to eat less while helping the restaurant business.
D. More studies are needed to find out the impact of emotion on behavior.


Part IV                    Translation                  ( 30 minutes )

Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.

在中国文化中，红色通常象征着好运、长寿和幸福。在春节和其他喜庆场合，红色到处可见。人们把现金作为礼物送给家人或亲密朋友时，通常放在红信封里。红色在中国流行的另一个原因是人们把它与中国革命和共产党相联系。然而，红色并不总是代表好运和快乐。因为从前死者的名字常用红色书写，用红墨水书写中国人名被看成是一种冒犯行为。
