机密*启用前
大 学 英 语 四 级 考 试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Four—
(2020年7月)
试 题 册

敬 告 考 生

一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容:
1. 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映，确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2. 请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3. 请在答题卡1和答题卡2指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容:
1. 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一律无效。
2. 请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立即收回答题卡1，得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3. 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区域内作答。
4. 选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理:
1. 未正确填写(涂)个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2. 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3. 未用所规定的笔作答、折叠成毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4. 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。


全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会
Part I   Writing                             (30 minutes)

Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a letter to a foreign friend who wants to teach English in China. Please recommend a city to him. You should write at least 120 words but no more than 180 words.

Part II   Listening Comprehension                (25 minutes)

Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear three news reports. At the end of each news report, you will hear two or three questions. Both the news report and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.

Questions 1 and 2 are based on the news report you have just heard.
1. A) Watch the weather forecast.              C) Avoid travel on Wednesday.
B) Evacuate the area with the orange alert.     D) Prepare enough food and drink.
2. A) Pay more attention to the roads.           C) Bring more mobile phones.
B) Stay at a safer place.                    D) Take a train home.

Questions 3 and 4 are based on the news report you have just heard.
A) There is only one ecosystem in Europe.
B) Romania’s wetlands thrive again.
C) The wildlife in Romania isn’t well protected.
D) There are 200 species of birds in Romania’s wetlands.
4. A) Block the waterways.            C) Use monitoring equipment.
B) Restore the fishing ban.          D) Prohibit fishing in the next 10 years.

Questions 5 to 7 are based on the news report you have just heard.
5. A) He had a car accident.
B) He attended his graduation ceremony.
C) He had a heart attack.
D) He gave a performance in the auditorium.
6. A) What happened to him.              C) When the graduation ceremony was.
B) What date it was.                   D) Where he was.
7. A) He was really touched by his classmates.
B) He didn’t know what happened at all.
C) He couldn’t remember what to say.
D) His parents wore caps and gowns.

Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.

Questions 8 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.

8. A) Her children’s disruption.        C) A sense of isolation.
B) Quiet atmosphere.              D) Longer working hours.
9. A) It doesn’t offer coffee.          C) It doesn’t have free Wi-Fi.
B) It’s too quiet.                  D) It lacks the materials he needs.
10. A) The sense of being out in the world.   C) The coffee table.
B) The coffee it provides.              D) The comfortable working condition.
11. A) People don’t order anything.
B) People bring their laptops and paperwork.
C) People occupy valuable table space in quiet times.
D) People of two occupy a table for six.

Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
A) She is not satisfied with the salary.
B) She is not capable of the job.
C) She often works overtime.
D) She’s received a job offer from another company.
13. A) They may be considered as less royal.
B) They won’t get the promotion opportunities.
D) They will be given hiring priority.
14. A) She might have to do extra work every day.
B) She might not get a pay rise.
C) She might not get enough vacation.
D) She might not gain more experience.
15. A) Experience.     B) Confidence.      C) Fortune.      D) Opportunity.

Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three passages. At the end of each passage, you
will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only
once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.

Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.

16. A) It’s a horrible feeling.            C) It’s boring and dangerous.
B) It can be a blessing.               D) It’s the most comfortable state.
17. A) To be active.                    C) To travel abroad.
B) To meet up with your friends.       D) To seek advice from others.
18. A) It provides a chance for people to think deeply.
B) It makes us treasure the time.
C) It enables one to identify true friends.
D) It helps us take care of problems more efficiently.

Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. A) He is a harsh person.        C) He is very demanding in his work.
B) He is mean to others.        D) He usually works very late.
20. A) He moved out and divorced.
B) He was plagued by drugs and gang violence.
C) He lived there for 20 years.
D) His parents would move into his new house.
21. A) He was only responsible for unloading food.
B) He had to sign his name on every label.
C) It was a hard and tedious job.
D) He was required to work at Friday night.

Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) By recording the time people spend on TV.
B) By tracking people’s living habits.
C) By using memory and fluency tests.
D) By scanning people’s brains.
23. A) Watching television for hours.    C) Reading books and magazines.
B) Playing video games.            D) Surfing the Internet.
24. A) Television viewing may be a potential factor for Alzheimer’s disease.
Alzheimer’s patients tend to watch television more than 3 hours a day.
C) Some research has confirmed the link between them.
D) Television watching is beneficial to Alzheimer’s patients.
25. A) Watch television no more than 3 hours each day.
B) Balance television viewing with other contrasting activities.
C) Watch some educational TV programs.
D) Take more physical exercise.

Part III   Reading Comprehension           (40 minutes)

Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.

Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
“Science and everyday life cannot and should not be separated.” Those were the words uttered by pioneering British scientist Rosalind Franklin, who firmly believed that the pursuit of science should be ___26___ to all.
As a woman working in the first half of the 20th century, Franklin’s contributions to some of the greatest scientific discoveries of our time including the structure of DNA were sadly ___27___ in her lifetime.
More than 60 years after Franklin’s death, we are ___28___ living in a different world, where women play an important part in every echelon (阶层) of our society—not least in science, innovation, higher education and research. UK universities are world leaders when it comes to advancing and ___29___ gender equality.
In the past decade, we have seen a ___30___ increase in England in the number of women accepted on to full-time undergraduate degrees in science, technology, engineering and maths (Stem subjects). And in the last academic year, women ___31___ for more than half of all Stem postgraduates at UK universities.
Data shows us the ___32___ to success gets harder for women to climb the further up they go. Although women make up the majority of undergraduates in our universities, just under half of academic staff are female. At ___33___ levels, only a quarter of professors are women, and black women make up less than 2% of all female academic staff.
There are also stark differences in pay across grades. The gender pay gap based on median salaries across the sector in 2016-2017 was 13. 7%, ___34___ there is still some way to go to ensure women are rising through the ranks to higher grade positions and being paid ___35___.

Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.

How to Eat Well
Why do so many Americans eat tons of processed food, the stuff that is correctly called junk (垃圾) and should really carry warning labels?

It’s not because fresh ingredients are hard to come by. Supermarkets offer more variety than ever, and there are over four times as many farmers markets in the US as there were 20 years ago. Nor is it for lack of available information. There are plenty of recipes (食谱), how-to videos and cooking classes available to anyone who has a computer, smartphone or television. If anything, the information is overwhelming.

And yet we aren’t cooking. If you eat three meals a day and behave like most Americans, you probably get at least a third of your daily calories (卡路里) outside the home. Nearly two-thirds of us grab fast food once a week, and we get almost 25% of our daily calories from snacks. So we’re eating out or taking in, and we don’t sit down—or we do, but we hurry.

Shouldn’t preparing—and consuming—food be a source of comfort, pride, health, well-being, relaxation, sociability? Something that connects us to other humans? Why would we want to outsource（外包）this basic task, especially when outsourcing it is so harmful?

When I talk about cooking, I’m not talking about creating elaborate dinner parties or three-day science projects. I’m talking about simple, easy, everyday meals. My mission is to encourage green hands and those lacking time or memory to feed themselves. That means we need modest, realistic expectations, and we need to teach people to cook food that’s good enough to share with family and friends.

Perhaps a return to real cooking needn’t be far off. A recent Harris poll revealed that 79% of Americans say they enjoy cooking and 30% “love it”; 14% admit to not enjoying kitchen work and just 7% won’t go near the stove at all. But this doesn’t necessarily translate to real cooking, and the result of this survey shouldn’t surprise anyone: 52% of those 65 or older cook at home five or more times per week; only a third of young people do.

Back in the 1950s most of us grew up in households where Mom cooked virtually every night. The intention to put a home-cooked meal on the table was pretty much universal. Most people couldn’t afford to do otherwise.

Although frozen dinners were invented in the ’40s, their popularity didn’t boom until televisions became popular a decade or so later. Since then, packaged, pre-prepared meals have been what’s for dinner. The microwave and fast-food chains were the biggest catalysts（催化剂）, but the big food companies—which want to sell anything except the raw ingredients that go into cooking—made the home cook an endangered species.

Still, I find it strange that only a third of young people report preparing meals at home regularly. Isn’t this the same crowd that rails against processed junk and champions craft cooking? And isn’t this the generation who say they’re concerned about their health and the well-being of the planet? If these are truly the values of many young people, then their behavior doesn’t match their beliefs.

There have been half-hearted but well-publicized efforts by some companies to reduce calories in their processed foods, but the Standard American Diet is still the polar opposite of the healthy, mostly plant-based diet that just about every expert says we should be eating. Considering that the government’s standards are not nearly ambitious enough, the picture is clear: by not cooking at home, we’re not eating the right things, and the consequences are hard to overstate.

To help quantify (量化) the costs of a poor diet, I recently tried to estimate this impact in terms of a most famous food, the burger（汉堡包）. I concluded that the profit from burgers is more than offset by the damage they cause in health problems and environmental harm.

Cooking real food is the best defense—not to mention that any meal you’re likely to eat at home contains about 200 fewer calories than one you would eat in a restaurant.

To those Americans for whom money is a concern, my advice is simple: Buy what you can afford, and cook it yourself. The common prescription is to primarily shop the grocery store, since that’s where fresh produce, meat and seafood, and dairy are. And to save money and still eat well you don’t need local, organic ingredients; all you need is real food. I’m not saying local food isn’t better; it is. But there is plenty of decent food in the grocery stores.

The other sections you should get to know are the frozen foods and the canned goods. Frozen produce is still produce; canned tomatoes are still tomatoes. Just make sure you’re getting real food without tons of added salt or sugar. Ask yourself, would Grandma consider this food? Does it look like something might occur in nature? It’s pretty much common sense: you want to buy food, not unidentifiable foodlike objects.

You don’t have to hit the grocery store daily, nor do you need an abundance of skill. Since fewer than half of Americans say they cook at an intermediate level and only 20% describe their cooking skills as advanced the crisis is one of confidence. And the only remedy for that is practice. There’s nothing mysterious about cooking the evening meal. You just have to do a little thinking ahead and redefine what qualifies as dinner. Like any skill, cooking gets easier as you do it more: every time you cook, you advance your level of skills. Someday you won’t even need recipes. My advice is that you not pay attention to the number of steps and ingredients, because they can be deceiving.

Time, I realize, is the biggest obstacle to cooking for most people. You must adjust your priorities to find time to cook. For instance, you can move a TV to the kitchen and watch your favorite shows while you’re standing at the sink. No one is asking you to give up activities you like, but if you’re watching food shows on TV, try cooking instead.

Cooking benefits people in many ways and enables them to connect with one another.

Abundant information about cooking is available either online or on TV.

Young people do less cooking at home than the elderly these days.

Cooking skills can be improved with practice.

In the mid-20th century, most families ate dinner at home instead of eating out.

Even those short of time or money should be encouraged to cook for themselves and their family.

Eating food not cooked by ourselves can cause serious consequences.

To eat well and still save money, people should buy fresh food and cook it themselves.

We get a fairly large portion of calories from fast food and snacks.

The popularity of TV led to the popularity of frozen food.

Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.

The wallet is heading for extinction. As a day-to-day essential, it will die off with the generation who read print newspapers. The kind of shopping where you hand over notes and count out change in return now happens only in the most minor of our retail encounters, like buying a bar of chocolate or a pint of milk, from a corner shop. At the shops where you spend any real money, that money is increasingly abstracted. And this is more and more true, the higher up the scale you go. At the most cutting-edge retail stores Victoria Beckham on Dover Street, for instance you don’t go and stand at any kind of cash register, when you decide to pay. The staff are equipped with ipads to take your payment while you relax on a sofa.
Which is nothing more or less than excellent service, if you have the money. But across society, the abstraction of the idea of cash makes me uneasy. Maybe I'm just old-fashioned. But earning money isn’t quick or easy for most of us. Isn’t it a bit weird that spending it should happen in half a blink（眨眼）of an eye? Doesn’t a wallet—that time-honoured Friday-night feeling of pleasing, promising fatness—represent something that matters?
But I’ll leave the economics to the experts. What bothers me about the death of the wallet is the change it represents in our physical environment. Everything about the look and feel of a wallet—the way the fastenings and materials wear and tear and loosen with age, the plastic and paper and gold and silver, and handwritten phone numbers and printed cinema tickets—is the very opposite of what our world is becoming. The opposite of a wallet is a smartphone or an iPad. The rounded edges, cool glass, smooth and unknowable as a pebble（鹅卵石）. Instead of digging through pieces of paper and peering into corners, we move our fingers left and right. No more counting out coins. Show your wallet, if you still have one. It may not be here much longer.

46. What is happening to the wallet?
A) It is disappearing.             C) It is becoming costly.
B) It is being fattened.            D) It is changing in style.

47. How are business transactions done in big modern stores?
A) Individually.                  C) In the abstract.
B) Electronically.                 D) Via cash register.

48. What makes the author feel uncomfortable nowadays?
A) Saving money is becoming a thing of the past.
B) The pleasing Friday-night feeling is fading.
C) Earning money is getting more difficult.
D) Spending money is so fast and easy.

49. Why does the author choose to write about what’s happening to the wallet?
A) It represents a change in the modern world.
B) It has something to do with everybody’s life.
C) It marks the end of a time-honoured tradition.
D) It is the concern of contemporary economists.

50. What can we infer from the passage about the author?
A) He is resistant to social changes.
B) He is against technological progress.
C) He feels reluctant to part with the traditional wallet.
D) He feels insecure in the ever-changing modern world.

Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.

It’s late in the evening: time to close the book and turn off the computer. You’re done for the day. What you may not realize, however, is that the learning process actually continues—in your dreams.
It might sound like science fiction, but researchers are increasingly focusing on the relationship between the knowledge and skills our brains absorb during the day and the fragmented, often bizarre imaginings they generate at night. Scientists have found that dreaming about a task we’ve learned is associated with improved performance in that activity (suggesting that there’s some truth to the popular notion that we’re “getting” a foreign language once we begin dreaming in it). What’s more, researchers are coming to recognize that dreaming is an essential part of understanding, organizing and retaining what we learn.
While we sleep, research indicates, the brain replays the patterns of activity it experienced during waking hours, allowing us to enter what one psychologist calls a neural（神经的）virtual reality. A vivid example of such replay can be seen in a video researchers made recently about sleep disorders. They taught a series of dance moves to a group of patients with conditions like sleepwalking, in which the sleeper engages in the kind physical movement that does not normally occur during sleep. They then videotaped the subjects as they slept, Lying in bed, eyes closed, one female patient on the tape performs the dance moves she learned earlier.
This shows that while our bodies are at rest, our brains are drawing what’s important from the information and events we’ve recently encountered, then integrating that data into the vast store of what we already know. In a 2010 study, researchers at Harvard Medical School reported that college students who dreamed about a computer maze（迷宫）task they had learned showed a 10-fold improvement in their ability to find their way through the maze compared with participants who did not dream about the task.
Robert Stickgold, one of the Harvard researchers, suggests that studying right before bedtime or taking a nap following a study session in the afternoon might increase the odds of dreaming about the material. Think about that as your head hits the pillow tonight.

51. What is scientists’ finding about dreaming?
A) It involves disconnected weird images.
B) It resembles fragments of science fiction.
C) Dreaming about a learned task betters its performance.
D) Dreaming about things being learned disturbs one’s sleep.

52. What happens when one enters a dream state?
A) The body continues to act as if the sleeper were awake.
B) The neural activity of the brain will become intensified.
C) The brain behaves as if it were playing a virtual reality video game.
D) The brain once again experiences the learning activities of the day.

53. What does the brain do while we are sleeping?
A) It systematizes all the data collected during the day.
B) It substitutes old information with new data.
C) It processes and absorbs newly acquired data.
D) It classified information and places it in different files.

54. What does Robert Stickgold suggest about enhancing learning?
A) Having a little sleep after studying in the day.
B) Staying up late before going to bed.
C) Having a dream about anything.
D) Thinking about the odds of dreaming about the material.

55. What can be inferred about dreaming from the passage?
A) We may enhance our learning through dreaming.
B) Dreaming improves your language ability.
C) All sleepwalkers perform dance moves when they are sleeping.
D) Taking a nap after learning can help you find the way through the maze.

Part IV   Translation                     (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.

在中国，火锅已有2，000多年的历史，最早流行于最寒冷的地区，然后在很多地区盛行，出现了具有地方特色的种类。吃火锅时，家人和朋友围坐在桌边，桌子中间放着热腾腾的火锅。吃火锅时，人们可以根据自己的口味放肉、海鲜、蔬菜和其他配料，自己烹饪。人们可以一边尽情地聊天，一边享受美食。










参 考 答 案

Part Ⅰ  Writing

My View on the Popularity of Translation Apps
The use of translation apps is becoming increasingly popular. Translation apps have become an essential part of peoples life especially among people who are learning English and other foreign languages. Just as a coin has two sides, translation apps also have their advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, they have made language learning much more convenient and can help people who do not speak the same language communicate smoothly. On the other hand, many people are not willing to learn to improve their language ability because the apps are easy to use. Besides, the translation given by many translation apps is full of grammatical errors, which is bound to seriously mislead peoples learning and communication.
Translation apps have changed peoples life in many ways, but they also lead to some negative consequences. People should discern good from bad when using translation apps and use them reasonably and flexibly. Only in this way can translation apps better serve people and not the other way around.

Part II   Listening Comprehension
Section A
1-2 CA
3-4 BD
5-7 ABA

Section B
8-11 CBAD
12-15 AABA

Section C
16-18 BAD
19-21 CBC
22-25 CAAB

Part III   Reading Comprehension
Section A
A) accessible
J) overlooked
O) thankfully
K) promoting
E) considerable
B) accounted
G) ladder
L) senior
N) suggesting
D) appropriately

Section B
D)
B)
F)
O)
G)
E)
J)
M)
C)
H)

Section C
46-50 ABDAC
51-55 CDCAA

Part IV   Translation
Hot pot has a history of more than 2,000 years in China. It first enjoyed popularity in the coldest regions, and then prevailed greatly in many regions with the emergence of many varieties of local features. When having hot pot, family members and friends sit around the table, with a boiling hot pot in the middle. When enjoying hot pot, people can add meat, seafood, vegetables and other ingredients according to their own taste and cook by themselves. People could be free to chat with each other while enjoying a good meal.
